in india some people have tasty chickpea
and tomato curry for breakfast it's also
accompanied by puri
deep fried flat bread try to say that
fast
it's hollow in the middle and gets
puffed up with steam when it's heated up
some south africans eat poo pap for
breakfast
it's a sort of oatmeal but it's made
from maize and water
this dish can be eaten throughout the
day but if you're having it for
breakfast
it's paired with milk and sugar single
ease
coffee is nothing like a tall americano
the powder they use to brew this drink
is made from coffee beans grains of
saline pepper
and cloves it's way spicier than the
good old pumpkin spice latte
and gives you way more energy over in
morocco
people prefer drinking mint tea for
breakfast
they grab a couple of freshly cooked
flatbreads
they're layered and can be served with
jam or honey
but sometimes you can find one stuffed
with veggies or even meat
the chickpea soup called leblani is a
typical breakfast dish in tunisia
it can be pretty spicy thanks to all the
onion cumin
and herbs they cook it with you might
get a poached egg on the side
if you're lucky in nigeria and some
neighboring countries
people have fried bean cakes for
breakfast the main ingredients are black
eyed peas
spiced up with dried chili fresh onions
and fresh red chili pepper
these cakes are deep fried and are a
popular street food
korean breakfasts are usually pretty
filling they're made up of many banchan
which are basically side dishes there's
kimchi a sort of fermented cabbage
a rolled omelet marinated veggies and
jun
a sort of pancake wow a japanese
breakfast can seem a bit more like lunch
or dinner in other countries
you know soup rice salmon even pickled
veggies
in jamaica people eat salt fish and
ackee for breakfast
aki is a exotic fruit similar to lychee
with a soft and creamy texture
one more tiny detail it's kind of
illegal in the u.s
it's mostly because the seeds are toxic
but you can eat the flesh
safely as long as it's fully ripe better
know the difference
maybe the world's craziest breakfast
sandwich ever
comes from the netherlands they have
sandwiches with candy sprinkles on them
right it's just sprinkles on top of
buttered bread
hoggle slot as it's called means hail
storm and it comes in various flavors
chocolate vanilla
and fruit a german breakfast might seem
kind of heavy
if you're used to just having a bowl of
oatmeal we're talking bread rolls
an assortment of cheeses and meats and
if need be
they can top it off with an egg or two
coffee is the drink of choice to wash
down this hearty meal
oatmeal lovers head to finland the
traditional breakfast of this wonderful
country
consists of oatmeal they call pururu
it's
served with fresh or sometimes frozen
berries
sugar and milk the italian breakfast is
definitely not the main meal of the day
they might grab a cornetta which is
basically a croissant
maybe with a sweet filling and a
cappuccino
by the way italians usually only drink
cappuccinos in the morning
and if you ever order a latte in italy
you'll get a glass of milk
what we call latte in english is a cafe
latte in italy
muesli is enjoyed all over the world but
especially in switzerland
a typical breakfast muesli consists of
oat flakes
raisins dried fruits nuts usually mixed
together with yogurt
in sweden people eat typical breakfast
sandwiches
called smurgos it's a generously
buttered slice of bread
with some sort of topping it can be ham
fish or cheese
and it usually has some cucumbers
lettuce or tomatoes thrown on there
many people like it with hard-boiled
eggs people in sweden are crazy about
filter coffee
it tastes so good the french breakfast
is perfect for bread lovers
they have a full range of yummy breads
and buns and yup
they got that croissant thing that most
people can't pronounce right
hey did i nail it maybe you put a little
french honk on it
crosshall get yourself some plain bread
and some butter and jam on top
or opt for pen or chocolate the most
common drink is coffee
but many people prefer juice instead
an argentinian breakfast can be similar
to the french one
they have pastries and coffee for
breakfast too medjalunas which is half
moon in english
look a whole lot like croissants they're
just a bit smaller and sweeter
if you're not a fan of sweet pastries
grab a piece of toast called a tostada
and if coffee isn't your thing just have
a glass of orange juice
yogurts cereals and eggs are mostly
reserved for tourists
if you ever want to try a traditional
mexican breakfast
cook chilaquiles cut a bunch of corn
tortillas into pieces and simmer them in
salsa
the tortillas get a bit soft next add
some fixins
avocado soft cheese even chicken
put some rice and beans on the side and
buen provecho
want something lighter mexico has
awesome pastries
there's one that's shaped like a shell
and one that looks like two ears stuck
together
a peruvian breakfast looks really exotic
for those who've never been there
one of the traditional dishes is
tacaccio consensyna
hope i got that right it's basically
roasted plantain with bits of pork
it's a popular type of street food too
the two most important things for a
brazilian breakfast
are bread and not exactly a toffee
coffee the favorite kind of bread for
many brazilians
is the french roll which should be
generously buttered before eating
and might be followed by a few cold cuts
tropical fruits like papaya aren't
exotic at all in brazil
so don't be surprised to see them on
your table when you travel to rio
colombians have dozens of cool breakfast
recipes
in bogota the capital you can find
changgua
which is egg and milk soup with cilantro
and stale bread softened in the broth
another hearty dish is a calentondo made
of reheated rice or bean leftovers
served with sausages avocado and eggs in
costa rica people usually eat rice and
beans for breakfast too
surprise surprise unlike in colombia
costa ricans grill plantains
they're like bananas but a lot less
sweet instead of sausages
drinks are simple coffee or juice
getting hungry yet
one more country where rice for
breakfast is super common
is malaysia the way they make it is
really cool though
it's cooked in coconut milk and served
with a variety of side dishes it can be
a boiled egg a cucumber anchovies or
even peanuts
eggs in the form of an omelette and cake
filling deep fried dough sticks softened
in warm soy milk
twisted pancakes stuffed with veggies if
any of that sounds yummy to you
you should try a taiwanese breakfast at
least once
wash it down with a variety of warm soy
milks there's plain or
black which is milk seasoned with sesame
powder and peanuts a hong kong breakfast
wouldn't be complete without its very
own milk tea it's all about the
technique they use to brew it
the sock looking cloth that filters it
is really thick
when the black tea finally comes out the
other end don't forget to add some
evaporated milk and sugar
to get that authentic creamy flavor now
don't get this one wrong
if you see sausages eggs and roasted
meat for breakfast
it doesn't mean it's an english
breakfast take a closer look
see that rice sweet bacon marinated in
brown sugar and soy sauce
and a cup of hot chocolate welcome to
the philippines
and enjoy your meal it's scrumptious
if you ever travel to indonesia don't
miss your chance to try some black rice
coconut milk based porridge for
breakfast
disclaimer it's actually not black it's
more purple
it's called i'm going to try this boober
ketan
he tom was that even close this stuff is
especially yummy when topped with sliced
bananas and cinnamon
they also have papeda an oatmeal thing
made of
sago flour it's starchy sticky and looks
like pudding
or slime people in myanmar are used to
eating a hearty breakfast soup called
mojenga
it's bursting with flavor it has ginger
fish paste
lime juice chili pepper cilantro and
onions
the soup's made with catfish and even
has noodles in it
salty sweet spicy and sour all at the
same time
if there was a contest for the biggest
breakfast in the world the
irish would take the grand prize just
think a traditional irish breakfast
has bacon white pudding black pudding
hash browns
fried eggs or scrambled eggs a couple of
sausages beans and probably some fried
liver
already figured out how to burn up all
those calories